-: Welcome back.
So let's get into zero seven classic
and then network load balancers.
So inside that
the first step is to create our EKS private node group.
So let's go ahead and then do that.
So we are going to delete the existing public node group
and then create the new private node group, okay,
in the private subnets.
Okay? So let's go ahead
and then list our current node groups available
in our EKS cluster.
To do so, we need to provide the eksctl get node group
and on which cluster it is available, right?
So eksctl and get node group.
And on which cluster?
Our cluster name is EKSdemo1.
So it'll provide
how many node groups available in our cluster.
We have something called in the cluster, EKSdemo1.
We have EKSdemo1 NG public 1.
Okay? So this public node group,
we are going to delete it now.
So to delete it, eksctl, delete node group
and the node group name
and inside which cluster it need to be deleted.
Okay? So let me copy this and then test it,
so that respective node group will get deleted.
So while we are deleting it,
we really don't need to run anything on these nodes, right?
So we are going to create everything in our private subnets,
so that's the reason we have initiated this.
So now let's go ahead
and then create the EKS node group in private subnets.
So the key option we are going to provide
in addition to the previous whatever we have done
in our other step, right?
So if you open this here,
so in the step EKS, create cluster using eksctl.
If you see here we have created the node group here
which is on the public subnets, right?
So all these are same, okay?
Only original one option we are going to give
which is nothing but the node private networking.
So when we add this additional tag to our command,
so it'll create the node,
all the EKS nodes in the private subnets, okay?
So that's what all the worker nodes in the private subnet.
So that's the reason we said node private networking
at the end of this.
And in addition to that, we also change the name,
eksdemo NG private 1 instead of public 1.
So let me copy this and then paste it, right?
And then it is going to create our node in our worker nodes
in the private subnet once we provide this command.
So it's getting created.
So it might take another two to three minutes
to create this worker node,
so I'll pause the video until then.
So our node group creation
in the private subnets got completed.
So let's go ahead and then verify the stuff now.
So where it is created and all those things.
So verify if this node group is created in private subnets.
So we can verify in two ways.
One is kubectl get nodes hyphen all wide,
will provide the external IP address of the worker nodes.
So, so far in the entire course
whatever we have implemented till now.
So we used to get the external IP address using this command
and using that only with the node port we used to test.
So let's say clear and kubectl get nodes hyphen all wide.
So if it is created in private subnet
it really will not have any public IP, right?
So that's the reason external IP's none,
only we have the internal IP available for us.
So this confirms that our Kubernetes node group
has been created in the private subnets.
But for additional verification we can also do something
like verify the associated subnet details
for this respective node groups.
Okay? So we can go here to the management console, right?
And go to EKS, Elastic Kubernetes Service.
And in EKSdemo1 cluster.
So if we go to networking tab, right?
No, if we go to compute
and if we go to our respective
EKSdemo1 NG private 1, right?
So this is the new node group it has been created
and we can click on any one of the subnets here.
Okay? So I'll click on one subnet here.
And if you go inside that subnet, right?
So the subnets associated to it, okay?
So this is the subnet associated to it.
You can clearly see that
that subnet has the private US east one here,
so it is created in private subnet.
So for additional confirmation you can even
see the route table, right?
So if you see, if it is a public subnet
it will go the outbound traffic or inbound traffic,
everything will be via internet gateway
and not the NAT gateway.
But if it is private means like
via private subnet means it is going to go via
route table will have the NAT gateway via NAT gateway,
whatever it is created, right?
So this is the NAT gateway via which outbound traffic
from our worker nodes is going to go.
So one thing we need to understand here is,
so let me go back and let's get this up fully here.
So now if you see these worker nodes, whatever is there
they'll have the kubelet
which will be communicating to the cluster control plane
which is nothing but EKSdemo1, right?
So that happens via NAT gateway, no?
So that's what is the entire design.
So this completes the creation of node group
in the private subnets, right?
So in our next lecture
we'll focus on implementing the classic load balancer.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.